it's cute does he like you as much as
you like him
grandma would you please just drop it my
name is salmon like the fish okay should
make take it away
first named Suzy you are beautiful cc7 I
was fourteen years old when I was
murdered
you're the salmon girl right on December
6 1973
we didn't find a missus so very sorry
she's dead
[Music]
mr. W she's gone
what if she is she's done
[Music]
that wasn't gone I was alive in my own
perfect world
but in my heart I knew wasn't perfect my
murderer still haunted me Susie would
never go off with the stranger it had to
be someone she knew I've got a name
thief this is police work this is what
we do we father had the pieces but he
couldn't make him fit I waited for
justice justice did not come
you're seven girl right
there's definitely something wrong with
this guy why won't you listen to him
because you need evidence you need proof
[Music]